<!-- generated by R package codedoc; do not modify! -->

## News for version 0.4.17

### dbc::report_to_assertion

Made assertion fail messages a bit prettier by surrounding object names
and expressions with [`] instead of ["].


## News for version 0.4.16

### dbc

All generated assertion, report and test functions now check whether
`x` is missing and raise an informative error. There were edge cases
where `x` was attempted to be evaluated only in a call to `eval` which
resulted in cryptic error messages --- now those can no longer occur.


## News for version 0.4.15

### dbc

All generated assertion functions now pass `call` to
`dbc::report_to_assertion` arg `raise_error_call`. Therefore, now an error
message begins with the call of the guilty function instead of the
assertion function.

### dbc::report_is_one_of

`dbc::report_is_one_of` now always returns a report `data.frame` with only
one row. All `is_one_of` assertion funs are now generated instead of being
manually generated. Their error messages have therefore changed.


## News for version 0.4.14

### dbc::handle_arg_assertion_type

New function `[dbc::handle_arg_assertion_type]`. Currently returns
`assertion_type` as-is, except `assertion_type = NULL`
is replaced with `assertion_type <- dbc::assertion_type_default()`.
Raises an error if `assertion_type` is not `NULL` nor one of
`dbc::assertion_types()`.

### dbc::report_to_assertion

`[dbc::report_to_assertion]` now accepts (and has as default)
`assertion_type = NULL`. Arg `assertion_type` is handled by
`[dbc::handle_arg_assertion_type]`.

Every assertion function with `assertion_type` argument now has as default
value `NULL`.


## News for version 0.4.13

### dbc

Improved `*_vector_elems_are_in_set` funs: assertion failure message
also shows first ten elems of `set`.


## News for version 0.4.12

### dbc::assertion_type_default

New fun `dbc::assertion_type_default`.
This returns the default value for the `assertion_type` arg used by all
funs that have that arg.


## News for version 0.4.11

### dbc::report_data_table_has_no_duplicates

New fun `dbc::report_data_table_has_no_duplicates` and derivatives.


## News for version 0.4.10

### dbc::report_is_all_equal

New fun `dbc::report_is_all_equal`. Generated correspoding assertion
funs.

### dbc::report_is_identical

New fun `dbc::report_is_identical`. Generated correspoding assertion
funs.


## News for version 0.4.9

### dbc::assertion_types

Added new assertion type `"none"`. This was added for convenience:
using `assertion_type = "none"` means that the assertion is not performed.
This can save computation time.


## News for version 0.4.8

### dbc::report_has_class


`dbc::report_has_class` and `dbc::report_inherits` error message improved for
when `required_class` is improper.


### dbc::report_inherits


`dbc::report_has_class` and `dbc::report_inherits` error message improved for
when `required_class` is improper.



## News for version 0.4.7

### dbc::report_is

`dbc::report_is` and all corresponding assertion functions now handle
string and expression inputs more robustly.

### dbc::report_is_like_template

New fun `dbc::report_is_like_template`. Generated correspoding assertion
funs. Compare an object's names, class, and length to a template. Recursive
for lists.


## News for version 0.4.6

### dbc::report_is

`dbc::report_is` gains arg `env` it is passed to
`dbc::expressions_to_report`, so that's where `x` will be evaluated.


